
JANET v1.1 README


1. General Information

Java Native Extensions (JANET) is a programming tool simplifying integration
of native code with Java applications. A foundation for such integration is
provided by the Java Native Interface (JNI) API. However, that low-level API
exhibits bare bones of the Java Virtual Machine, and as such it is very
inconvenient to use and error-prone. JANET simplifies development process by
defining a lightweight Java language extension enabling work on a much
higher level of abstraction, closer to that of the Java language itself.
JANET translation tool is used to generate ordinary JNI code out of JANET
source files. Detailed project info and documentation can be found at the
project home page: http://www.icsr.agh.edu.pl/janet.
Please also see release-notes.html for installation and usage instructions.


2. Licensing

JANET is a free, open source tool distributed according to the terms of the
MPL/LGPL/GPL tri-license. The license can be found in the file license.html.
You may freely use, modify, and redistribute JANET, as long as you retain
the same license or use one of LGPL or GPL. You may not sell JANET or include
it in closed-source projects unless you obtain separate license.

Unlike JANET core, however, files generated by JANET translator as well
as the utility classes are not covered by the open source license.
You have a great deal of freedom regarding the use of that files, including
the right to sell them, distribute them under the license of your choice,
and make them closed-source. The only requirement is that you mention in the
documentation of your project that the JANET tool was used to aid
the development. Detailed licensing information is included at the
header of each file.


3. Acknowledgements

JANET parsers were created using the parser generator for Java
(http://www.cs.colorado.edu/~dennis/software/jb.html) written by
Dennis Heimbigner. The JB itself depends on GNU bison
(http://www.gnu.org/software/bison/bison.html) and Jonathan Payne's regular
expression package.

